apple products make the most
success with technology fans to
apple company is one of the best in
create objects of desire and one of them is
this one
the new macbook pro for retina display as
every new version of apple's equipment
the new macbook pro is thinner lighter
and faster than its predecessor
the design is pretty much the same after all
in winning team do not move
here we have the traditional finishing in
reinforced aluminum with matte texture
rounded corners and the famous apple
bright on the cover the keyboard also
even with the standard bubble gum buttons and
quebec light and otoute asks
large and accurate the power of
processing is amazingly equipped
with the core i7 third generation 8 gb
memory and a geforce gt graphic chip
650 m of 1 giga it rotates any type
and applications without problems
it still has a ssd of
awesome 512 gb
one of the ways to show the power
it is to carry out an activity that
uses 100% of the processor and we choose
use the after effects a software
special video effects for terms
a notion of evolution
we did the same process in our
macbook pro which is 2011 and features a
second generation core i5 processor
our old macbook already had a great
performance
but when compared to the new model
It looks like a kid's toy.
performance was already expected
now the great differential of the model is the
screen retina who has an ipad 3 an iphone
you already know the quality of the screen now
imagine a screen of this 15-inch
because it's resolution is 2,880 by 1,800
points
It's more than twice as big as a full HD TV
to see movies makes no difference because
the video files have resolution
full hd
The big difference is to use the whole
screen resolution to decrease
characters - and still continue
like comfortable navigation so we have
even more useful work area
on a 15-inch screen who uses
video editing software knows the
how much is it useful on the day of common use
the battery lasted six and a half hours
then this product looks perfect will be
that does not have any problem actually
Yes you have a huge
we do not usually quote the price of
products here after all they can vary
you can still search the link here
in the video description but careful
click on the link of the macbook not to
scare because the price really a
absurd
is a computer better than
be worth all this beyond the price you
you can see more technical information and
result of the tests here in the
description of the video and if you
any doubt
leave it here in the comments thanks